alright guys so this will be my review
of the diecast promotions P 379 with Tom
giarla
this particular model is in SRS library
and this is truck number triple nine I
believe there were less than a hundred
of these made I'm unsure if someone has
an exact number please let me know but
there were very limited versions of this
one made like some other libraries from
the tri-state area
anyway I'm going to start off with the
tractor because you know that's probably
what everybody's looking forward to the
tractor is really nice I consider it one
of the nicest in my collection anyway
starting off you can see even at the
custom grille with the vertical bars and
it just makes it look super nice you'd
also see you have the round Peterbilt
headlights in the front those are chrome
unfortunately um Woodham a nice if they
were clear but is very small scale the
hood itself has a Peterbilt badge as you
can see and then it also has the 999
truck number and you can see the center
of the rims are painted orange which is
very cool and on outer of the rims you
can see it is extra the hood does open
which is also very nice and it does
reveal the engine and the engine has you
know a nice amount of detail nothing too
crazy but there it is
and unfortunately the grill on the front
doesn't itch through but it would have
been nice if it did Chrome air cleaners
on the side of the model just cool you
can see they kind of added some detail
up top there but nothing too crazy and
you can see the lights that run on the
bottom of the cab over here you can make
out the USDOT number and as far as decal
here and the chrome steps to get up into
the truck the doors don't open anything
but what is cool is that they don't have
the glass up over here which is kind of
cool and I don't know if you can make
out but there is a steering wheel in
there which is cool
chrome visor on the top and you can see
the lights and the horns which is cool
and the passenger side is pretty much
exactly the same model features straight
pipes which is cool you see they're very
tall and they're cut on an angle on top
and fertile not too much for a little
bit though it is a drilled out but you
know it's really nothing too much crazy
and over here you can see the fuel tanks
on the side and the frame the truck has
a pretty long wheelbase as you can tell
so the frame up top here needed
something that's why I did that chrome
plate
I'm sure the real truck has a two bottom
it would have been nice on the model
that they would have filled these in
here but you know really nothing could
do the back fenders are chrome and
they're also metal I think that gives it
a very nice look and it breaks up the
orange a lot and you can see on these
tires as well in the center of the rim
it is painted orange and the back of the
fenders has the mud flaps and here's
this side fifth wheel uh you could angle
that you can't move it towards the cab
or away from the cab and now I'll get to
the truck the trailer trailer is pretty
much a typical diecast Promotions
trailer nothing too crazy pretty much
has anything else any other diecast
functions throw what back as the working
suspension and this trailer is in orange
like the tractor is and you can see the
center of the rims are painted Orange
the landing gear over here has the
little lever which actually does move
which is cool and they all screw down so
you could screw them down but you could
see the threads and the back of the
trailer has mud flaps and you could
still even make out the orange frame
which is cool other side of the trailer
is pretty much exactly the same and it
does have the tarp which opens and if
you don't know the tarp locks in right
here so you basically just pull that out
like that and it really doesn't affect
because it's a tarp and then you flap it
/ and you're supposed to put the metal
in those little hooks right here like so
and then it has the frames from tarp but
anyway the side of the trailer or the
back that I should say does open up like
I'm saying in the back of it does a
swing open that doesn't hinge from the
top and another cool thing is if you
move this it will open that so you could
dump clean off you see like on some road
jobs and I'll show you how it dumps now
and it dumps in a very cool way mostly
people will be familiar with this so if
you hold down the 5th wheel and just
bring that up
it's a multi-stage cylinder and then the
frame right here is all orange which
looks super nice so in conclusion I I
really don't know if these are still
available to be completely honest like I
said I'm sure how many were made but I'm
assuming less than 100 it's very hard
library to find so I hope you enjoyed
the review and take care